[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
[explosions]
>> SCREENING SHIELD, CLASS 8!
>> MIRROR ARMOR PLATING’S
DETACHING!
>> BLOCK 3865 HAS BEEN HIT.
>> Xo: DAMAGE?
>> MINIMAL, BUT OUR THRUSTER
FLAME’S VISIBLE NOW.
>> Captain: STAND FAST, MEN.
LET’S TEACH THEM A LITTLE
SOMETHING.
TEACH THEM EXACTLY WHO THEY’RE
FACING.
>> ENEMY FLEET SIZE IS OFF THE
CHARTS!
>> Xo: SO ALL THE LIGHTS IN THE
HEAVENS ARE OUR ENEMY NOW, EH?
>> Captain: YEAH, BUT THEY’RE
WORTHY OPPONENTS.
I’LL USE THE FABRIC OF
SPACE‐TIME TO WRING THEM OUT OF
EXISTENCE.
>> Xo: ALL RIGHT, PREPARE TO
FIRE MAELSTROM CANNON.
TARGET THE GREAT DIMENSIONAL
WATERFALL.
>> Captain: GURREN LAGANN!
SPIN ON!
WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK I AM?
[adventurous music]
♪ ♪
>> Simon: DIGGING TUNNELS,
DAY AFTER DAY, THAT’S MY JOB.
THE MORE WE DIG, THE MORE THE
VILLAGE CAN EXPAND.
WHEN THE VILLAGE CHIEF IS HAPPY,
HE FEEDS ME PIG‐MOLE STEAKS.
DO I JUST DIG FOR THE STEAKS?
NO, NOT EXACTLY.
[inquisitive gasps]
I ALSO DO IT SO I CAN DIG UP
TREASURE.
>> Mayor: COME ON, NOW.
KEEP DIGGING!
HEY, WHY CAN’T ANY OF YOU LOSERS
DIG LIKE THAT GUY?
DON’T YOU WANT THOSE STEAKS?
[giggles]
>> EWW, LOOK. IT’S SIMON THE
DIGGER.
>> I DON’T GET IT.
WHAT’S THE FUN OF GETTING ALL
COVERED IN DIRT DAY AFTER DAY?
>> AND HE’S CARRYING
SOMETHING WEIRD TOO.
>> HE’S SO GROSS.
>> AND HE SMELLS.
>> HE’S LOOKING AT US.
>> IF WE’RE NOT CAREFUL, HE
MIGHT DRILL A HOLE IN US TOO!
[laughter]
>> Kamina: WALK WITH YOUR HEAD
HELD HIGH, SIMON.
>> Simon: KAMINA?
>> Kamina: DON’T CALL ME KAMINA,
CALL ME "BRO."
>> Simon: UM, I DON’T HAVE ANY
SIBLINGS.
>> Kamina: HEY, IT’S NOT ABOUT
BLOOD.
YOU AND ME ARE SOUL BROTHERS.
YOU KNOW, WE’RE SIBLINGS OF THE
SPIRIT!
DON’T WORRY ABOUT WHAT THOSE
STUPID UGLY CHICKS SAY.
THIS LOOKS PRETTY GOOD ON YOU,
KID.
DRILLS ARE YOUR SOUL.
YOU GOT IT?
NOW, COME ON.
GENTLEMEN, SORRY FOR THE DELAY!
ARE YOU GUYS READY?
>> JUST ABOUT.
>> Simon: UM, WHAT IS IT YOU’RE
DOING?
>> Kamina: LISTEN UP, SIMON.
THAT DRILL THERE DOES NOT BELONG
TO THE VILLAGE CHIEF, ’CAUSE
THAT DRILL IS WHO YOU ARE!
SIMON, YOURS IS THE DRILL THAT
WILL BREAK THROUGH THE VAULT OF
HEAVEN!
>> Simon: BUT WHY?
>> Kamina: I HAVE IT ALL FIGURED
OUT!
DON’T ASK QUESTIONS!
>> Simon: MEANING THAT YOU CAN’T
EXPLAIN ANYTHING.
>> Kamina: ALL RIGHT, YOU BOZOS,
WE READY TO GO?
>> YEAH!
>> Kamina: WE’RE THE INVINCIBLE
TEAM GURREN.
NOBODY CAN STAND IN OUR WAY.
>> UH, YEAH.
>> Kamina: WE’RE SICK OF BEING
COOPED UP IN THIS LITTLE TOWN!
IT’S THE YOUNG WHO ARE GONNA
BREAK OUT.
YOUTH OF THIS TOWN, AIM FOR THE
SURFACE!
[screams]
>> YAHOO!
STEP ASIDE, MAKE WAY!
TEAM GURREN IS COMING THROUGH!
[screaming]
>> Simon: WHAT NOW?
>> Kamina: ALL RIGHT, LISTEN UP,
SIMON.
WE’RE GONNA USE YOUR DRILL TO
BUST THROUGH THAT CEILING UP
THERE.
BUST THROUGH THAT, AND THE NEXT
STOP IS ALL THE WAY TO THE
SURFACE.
WE’RE GONNA MAKE A BREAK FOR IT
AND GET OUT OF THIS PLACE!
>> Simon: THIS IS INSANE!
>> Kamina: YOU CAN DO IT!
[squeaks]
>> Simon: WHEN DID YOU‐‐
>> Kamina: CHARGE!
KEEP GOING STRAIGHT AHEAD.
[screaming]
FLY, PIGGIES!
>> Mayor: KAMINA!
I SHOULD’VE KNOWN IT’D BE YOU
AGAIN.
>> Kamina: YOU’D BETTER STEP
ASIDE.
>> Mayor: YOU LITTLE MORON!
>> Mayor: WOULD YOU PEOPLE COME
TO YOUR SENSES?
THIS MYSTERIOUS "SURFACE" OF
YOURS DOESN’T EXIST!
>> Kamina: LIKE HELL IT DOESN’T!
I’VE SEEN IT MYSELF.
UP ON THE SURFACE, THERE’S NO
WALLS!
NO CEILING!
INSTEAD, ALL YOU SEE AROUND YOU
IS A BRIGHT BLUE SKY.
>> Mayor: A LIAR’S SON IS A LIAR
TOO.
>> Kamina: WHAT’S THAT?
>> Mayor: YOUR OLD MAN DID
NOTHING BUT SPOUT CRAP LIKE
THAT.
AND WHAT DID IT GET HIM?
DEAD AND BURIED UNDER A BIG
PILE OF ROCKS SOMEWHERE!
>> Kamina: YOU’RE WRONG!
MY DAD MADE IT TO THE SURFACE!
I KNOW ’CAUSE I WAS THERE WITH
HIM!
>> Mayor: THEN WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE, SMART GUY?
>> Kamina: WELL, I‐‐
>> Mayor: OKAY, NOW GET THIS!
THIS VILLAGE IS ALL WE HAVE!
FOR UNTOLD GENERATIONS, WE’VE
BEEN WARNED TO NEVER UNSEAL THE
CANOPY THAT KEEPS US SAFE.
PEOPLE WHO DON’T UNDERSTAND THAT
RULE DON’T GET TO EAT.
TO THE STOCKADE WITH YOU!
WITHOUT FOOD!
>> WE’RE SO SORRY, SIR!
>> Kamina: YOU WEASELS!
[Mayor laughs]
>> SORRY, BRO!
HAD TO DO IT.
>> NO DINNER IS A HIGH PRICE TO
PAY.
>> COME ON, BRO, SWALLOW YOUR
PRIDE AND APOLOGIZE TOO.
>> Kamina: DON’T CALL ME "BRO."
I DON’T EVER WANNA BE CALLED
"BRO" BY THE LIKES OF YOU THREE
BACK‐STABBING LOSERS!
HMPH!
>> Mayor: THE BONDS OF LOYALTY
DON’T RUN DEEP IN THIS TEAM
GURREN OF YOURS.
SIMON, YOU COME TOO.
[gasps]
>> I KNOW THAT KAMINA ROPED YOU
INTO HELPING HIM.
YOU HAVE AN IMPORTANT JOB HERE
IN GIHA VILLAGE: DIGGING TUNNELS
TO EXPAND THE COMMUNITY.
YOU DON’T HAVE TO STAY WITH THAT
IDIOT.
COME ALONG.
>> Simon: BUT I‐‐
>> Kamina: GO AHEAD.
DON’T SWEAT IT.
GO ON.
[gasps]
[rumbling]
>> Mayor: IT’S AN EARTHQUAKE!
EVERYBODY TAKE COVER!
[screaming]
>> Simon: WE GOTTA GET OUT
OF HERE!
KAMINA!
>> Kamina: NO WAY.
>> Simon: BUT‐‐
>> Kamina: I DON’T RUN AWAY!
>> Simon: IF WE DON’T RUN, WE’RE
GONNA GET CRUSHED HERE AND DIE!
>> Kamina: THAT’S RIGHT.
I FORGOT.
I’M SORRY.
DON’T WORRY, KID.
IT’S ALMOST OVER.
ARE YOU PEOPLE GONNA KEEP LIVING
IN FEAR OF EARTHQUAKES DAY AFTER
DAY FOR YOUR WHOLE LIVES?
UP ON THE SURFACE, THERE AIN’T
NO CEILING!
>> Mayor: GIVE IT A REST, WILL
YOU?
I DIDN’T LOOK AFTER ALL YOU
ORPHANED KIDS OUT OF THE
GOODNESS OF MY HEART, YOU KNOW!
I DID IT BECAUSE I’M THE CHIEF!
I HAVE A DUTY TO LOOK OUT FOR
THE WELFARE OF THIS VILLAGE!
BUT IF YOU PEOPLE CAN’T DO AS I
TELL YOU, THERE’S NO PLACE FOR
YOU HERE!
[humming a tune]
>> Kamina: HEY, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING IN HERE?
[bouncy sound]
[laughs]
THAT’S A GOOD BOY.
[bouncy sound]
NOW I’VE GOT SOME EMERGENCY
RATIONS.
[squeals]
>> Simon: MY PARENTS DIED IN AN
EARTHQUAKE.
IT HAPPENED WHEN I WAS SEVEN.
NO MATTER HOW MANY HOLES I DIG,
THE CEILING IS EVENTUALLY GONNA
FALL AND CRUSH ME, THE CHIEF,
AND EVERYBODY IN THE VILLAGE,
AND WE’RE ALL GONNA DIE.
THAT’S A GIVEN.
THAT’S A FACT OF LIFE.
OR IS IT?
[pulsing]
[gasps]
>> Mayor: LIGHTS OUT, EVERYBODY!
TIME FOR LIGHTS OUT!
PUT OUT THE LIGHTS, IT’S NIGHT
TIME HOURS!
BE GOOD CITIZENS AND GO TO
SLEEP, EVERYONE.
DON’T WASTE PRECIOUS
ELECTRICITY!
>> Kamina: GROW UP BIG AND
PLUMP, NOW, GROW UP BIG AND
PLUMP.
GROW INTO A BIG, FAT, JUICY
STEAK FOR ME TO EAT.
[squeals]
WHAT THE HELL?
>> Simon: KAMINA!
>> Kamina: SIMON?
WHAT’S UP?
>> Simon: COME ON, THERE’S
SOMETHING YOU’VE GOT TO SEE!
>> Kamina: WHAT?
>> Simon: HURRY UP!
>> Kamina: YEAH, BUT THAT WOULD
BE A JAILBREAK.
>> HUH?
>> IF THE CHIEF FINDS OUT,
THERE’LL BE HELL TO PAY, SIMON.
>> Simon: I WAS SO PREOCCUPIED,
THAT DIDN’T EVEN OCCUR TO ME.
>> Kamina: WELL, IF WE GET BACK
BY MORNING, HE’LL BE NONE THE
WISER.
SO WHAT IS SO AWFULLY IMPORTANT
DOWN HERE THAT I HAD TO BUST OUT
OF JAIL JUST TO SEE IT?
>> Simon: IT’S A FACE.
IT’S THIS AWESOME, HUMUNGOUS
FACE!
>> Mayor: YOU’VE GOT SOME NERVE
BREAKING OUT OF JAIL, KAMINA.
>> Kamina: SIMON, IS THIS THE
HUMUNGOUS FACE?
>> Mayor: DON’T YOU
UNDERESTIMATE ME, SONNY!
I’M THE VILLAGE CHIEF, SO THAT
MEANS I ALSO STAND GUARD!
SIMON, THAT GOES FOR YOU TOO.
I KNOW ALL ABOUT THOSE EXTRA
TUNNELS YOU’VE BEEN DIGGING IN
SECRET.
>> Kamina: LEAVE HIM.
HE HASN’T DONE ANYTHING.
I’M THE GUILTY ONE.
>> Mayor: OH, YES, I’M PERFECTLY
AWARE OF HOW GUILTY YOU ARE!
[growling]
[rumbling and screams]
[gasps]
[crashing]
[explosions]
[ambient electronic music]
♪ ♪
>> Kamina: SO SIMON, THIS THING
YOU WANTED TO SHOW ME...
IS THIS IT?
>> Kamina: LOOK UP!
THAT’S THE SURFACE!
I TOLD YOU THERE WAS A SURFACE
UP THERE!
THIS BIG MUG FELL FROM THE
SURFACE, FROM ABOVE THE CEILING.
AIN’T THAT RIGHT, MR. CHIEF?
[crashes and rumbling]
>> IT’S A MONSTER!
[screaming]
>> Kamina: WHAT ARE YOU WAITING
FOR, CHIEF?
I THOUGHT YOU SAID THAT IT WAS
YOUR DUTY TO PROTECT THE
VILLAGE.
GOSH, IT’S HARD TO TELL WHICH OF
US IS THE LIAR NOW, AIN’T IT?
>> Simon: BRO, THIS WAY!
LET’S GET OUTTA HERE!
HEY, BRO?
>> Kamina: HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!
YOU’VE GOT GUTS, PLOWING INTO MY
VILLAGE LIKE THIS.
YOU AND THAT BIG UGLY MUG OF
YOURS, YOU KNOW THAT?
>> Simon: RUN!
>> Kamina: BUT THAT ENDS HERE!
I WON’T STAND FOR ANY MORE OF
YOUR SHENANIGANS!
>> WHA‐‐WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
>> Simon: HEY, IT TALKED.
>> Kamina: I’M GONNA TELL YOU
SOMETHING IMPORTANT, SO YOU
BETTER DIG THE WAX OUT OF THOSE
HUGE EARS OF YOURS AND LISTEN
CLOSE.
THE REPUTATION OF TEAM GURREN
ECHOES FAR AND WIDE.
WHEN THEY TALK ABOUT ITS BADASS
LEADER, THE MAN OF
INDOMITABLE SPIRIT AND
MASCULINITY, THEY’RE TALKING
ABOUT ME, THE MIGHTY KAMINA!
>> WHAT AN IDIOT.
>> WHAT A DUNCE.
>> WHAT A TOTAL DUMB‐ASS.
>> Kamina: I, KAMINA, WILL NOT
TOLERATE ANY FURTHER LAWLESSNESS
IN THIS VILLAGE!
[laughs]
WHAT CAN A PUNY HUMAN LIKE
YOU DO TO STOP ME?
[laser blasts]
>> Yoko: ALL RIGHT, YOU TWO,
YOU BETTER GET BACK.
[Kamina whistles]
SOMETHING ELSE FROM ABOVE?
>> Simon: YEAH, AND IT’S A GIRL
THIS TIME.
[laser blasts continue]
[groaning]
>> Yoko: I ONLY KNOCKED IT
BACKWARDS.
IT CAN STILL GET UP AND GET US.
>> Kamina: HEY, BABE, COME HERE
OFTEN?
>> Yoko: WHAT?
>> Kamina: SO YOU’RE GOING TO
SLUG IT OUT, HUH?
LET ME HELP OUT.
>> Yoko: HELP OUT?
>> Kamina: YOU CAME FROM THE
SURFACE, DIDN’T YOU?
>> Yoko: YEAH, SO WHAT?
>> Kamina: THAT’S AWESOME.
SO THAT’S A WEAPON THEY USE ON
THE SURFACE, HUH?
>> Yoko: NOT EXACTLY, BUT
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
>> Kamina: DAMN, YOU GOT A
MIGHTY FINE BODY!
SURFACE CHICKS ARE A BREED
APART!
>> Yoko: DO I NEED TO TELL YOU
AGAIN TO RUN?
DO YOU HAVE A DEATH WISH?
[gasping]
>> Kamina: THANKS A LOT, SIMON!
REAL NICE SAVE.
>> Simon: HURRY UP!
THIS WAY!
>> Yoko: WHERE AM I?
>> Kamina: GIHA VILLAGE.
>> Yoko: OH, THE PIT NEXT DOOR.
>> Kamina: NEXT DOOR?
>> Yoko: I’M FROM LITTNER
VILLAGE, THE PIT THAT’S RIGHT
NEXT TO THIS ONE.
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL?
YOU SAID YOU’RE FROM THE
SURFACE, BUT YOU WERE RAISED IN
A PIT?
>> Yoko: I CAME FROM THE SURFACE
JUST NOW, BUT I’M ORIGINALLY
FROM LITTNER.
>> Kamina: AW, GEEZ, YOU’RE A
PIT CHICK?
GET MOVIN’, THUNDER THIGHS!
>> Yoko: WHAT’S WITH THE BIG
CHANGE IN ATTITUDE?
>> Simon: THIS WAY.
>> Yoko: WHERE, EXACTLY, ARE WE
GOING?
>> Simon: THE FACE.
>> Yoko: THE FACE?
>> Simon: A HUMUNGOUS FACE!
>> Yoko: DO YOU MEAN A GUNMEN?
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL IS A
GUNMEN?
>> Yoko: THAT IS.
>> Kamina: HUH?
>> GIVE ME A MINUTE.
I’M TARGETING ITS POWER
CONDUITS.
TAKING THOSE OUT’LL STOP HIM IN
HIS TRACKS.
GOTCHA!
>> Kamina: HEY, YOU WITH THE BIG
MUG!
[Yoko gasps]
WE’RE ABOUT TO TAKE YOU DOWN, SO
SAY YOUR PRAYERS!
[laser blasts]
>> Yoko: WHAT DID YOU DO THAT
FOR?
>> Kamina: A MAN LOOKS HIS
OPPONENT IN THE EYE WHEN HE LETS
HIM HAVE IT.
>> Yoko: I’M A WOMAN, THANK YOU
VERY MUCH!
>> Kamina: A WOMAN HAS NO PLACE
MEDDLING IN A FIGHT BETWEEN MEN.
>> Yoko: I’M THE ONE WHO’S DOING
ALL THE FIGHTING.
>> Kamina: I LIKE YOUR STYLE,
LADY.
YOU’VE GOT A LOT OF SPUNK.
THIS IS IT?
THE FACE YOU WANTED TO SHOW ME?
>> Simon: YEAH.
>> Kamina: THIS MAKES TWO
AWESOME THINGS YOU’VE DUG UP.
>> Yoko: HEY, I WONDER IF THIS
IS A FRIEND OF THE OTHER GUNMEN.
>> Kamina: IT’S SMALLER THAN THE
THING UP THERE, BUT I KIND OF
LIKE ITS FACE.
>> Simon: THEN CHECK THIS OUT!
>> Yoko: PEOPLE RIDE IN IT?
THAT’S IMPOSSIBLE.
>> Kamina: CAN WE DRIVE IT?
>> Simon: HEY, BRO, LET’S USE
THIS TO TAKE OUT THAT THING UP
THERE.
>> Kamina: YEAH, LET’S WASTE IT.
>> UH‐HUH.
>> WITH THIS, HUH?
>> Simon: THAT’S RIGHT, BRO!
YOU CAN USE THIS TO‐‐
WHAT THE‐‐
I THINK IT’S RUNNING.
>> Yoko: WHAT?
ARE YOU SURE?
>> Simon: COME ON, BRO!
GO FOR IT!
>> Kamina: I THINK YOU SHOULD DO
IT, SIMON.
[gasps]
>> YOU’RE THE ONE WHO DUG THIS
THING UP.
THAT MEANS IT BELONGS TO YOU.
>> Simon: BUT I‐‐
>> Kamina: YOU THINK THE GREAT
KAMINA COULD STEAL FROM HIS
BROTHER?
WHAT KIND OF A PERSON DO YOU
THINK YOU’RE DEALING WITH?
>> Yoko: WHAT?
>> Simon: BUT I CAN’T DO THIS.
>> Kamina: YOU DUMB‐ASS!
KICK LOGIC OUT AND DO THE
IMPOSSIBLE.
REMEMBER THAT.
THAT’S THE WAY TEAM GURREN
ROLLS!
>> Simon: BUT I‐‐
[rumbling]
[roaring]
>> Kamina: JUST DO IT!
[squeaks]
>> GO ON.
I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT, BUDDY!
>> Simon: BUT I DON’T!
>> Kamina: LISTEN, SIMON.
DON’T BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.
BELIEVE IN ME.
BELIEVE IN THE KAMINA WHO
BELIEVES IN YOU.
>> Yoko: WHAT’S THAT MEAN?
>> Simon: RIGHT, I’LL TRY.
[upbeat adventurous music]
♪ ♪
[squeaks]
[pulsing]
♪ ♪
[electronic whirring]
[mechanical clanging]
IT’S WORKING!
[screaming]
>> Kamina: YEAH!
YOU DID IT, SIMON!
>> Simon: HEY, YEAH, I GUESS I
DID!
>> Kamina: COME ON, LET’S ROCK!
>> Mayor: HEY, WAIT, THAT’S‐‐
KAMINA AND SIMON?
[Kamina laughs]
YOU WEREN’T EXPECTING THIS,
YOU S. O. B.
EVEN IF HEAVEN ITSELF TOLERATES
YOUR BRUTALITY, THE MIGHTY
LAGANN DOES NOT!
>> Yoko: WHAT IS LAGANN?
>> Kamina: IT’S THIS BIG FELLA’S
NAME.
I JUST CAME UP WITH IT.
SIMON, WHY ARE YOU DODGING?
QUIT RUNNING!
>> Simon: BUT IT’S GONNA KILL
US!
>> Kamina: A REAL MAN WOULD
RATHER DIE THAN RUN!
[roars]
[screaming]
>> Yoko: WE’RE ON TOP OF ITS
HEAD?
>> Simon: HEY, BRO!
>> Yoko: STAY AWAY!
[screaming and gasping]
>> Simon: YOU GOT TO MAKE THE
IMPOSSIBLE POSSIBLE!
THAT’S HOW TEAM GURREN ROLLS!
[screaming]
I’M COMING, BRO!
>> Kamina: SIMON, PRETTY SLICK,
MAN.
>> Yoko: COME ON, LET’S JUMP.
MAKE IT JUMP.
HEY, QUIT WASTING TIME AND HURRY
UP!
[metallic clang]
[deep groan]
[crash]
>> Kamina: HEY, NICE WORK WITH
THE CANOPY, SIMON.
>> Yoko: IT’S A LITTLE BIT
CRAMPED, THOUGH.
>> Kamina: ALL RIGHT.
WE TOOK IT DOWN.
>> Yoko: I GUESS THIS THING’S
HEAD IS HARD AS A ROCK.
[screams]
[deep laughter]
I HAVE YOU NOW!
>> Yoko: WE’RE DONE FOR!
IT’S SO CRAMPED.
>> Kamina: HEY, QUIT MAKING ALL
THOSE WEIRD LITTLE SOUNDS OVER
THERE.
>> Simon: DAMN IT.
POWER!
NEED MORE POWER!
[straining]
[electronic whirring]
[explosion]
>> Kamina: A DRILL?
>> Simon: IT SORT OF POPPED OUT.
>> Kamina: THAT’S YOUR KIND OF
WEAPON.
IT’S A PERFECT MATCH!
>> Simon: BRO, I THINK I’LL BE
ABLE TO DO THE JOB WITH THIS!
>> Kamina: ALL RIGHT, SMASH US
INTO THAT BIG UGLY MUG.
LET IT FEEL THE POWER OF TEAM
GURREN’S MIGHTY DRILL!
[screams]
>> Kamina: GET GOING, SIMON.
BUST THROUGH THE HEAVENS WITH
YOUR DRILL!
[screaming]
[growls]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[electronic whirring]
>> ADIOS, GIHA VILLAGE.
WE’RE GOING UP TO THE SURFACE!
THE SURFACE I SAW AS A KID.
[straining]
[screaming]
[triumphant music]
♪ ♪
>> Kamina: WOW, THIS IS THE
SURFACE?
>> Simon: IT’S SO BEAUTIFUL.
>> Yoko: IT’S YOKO.
YOKO IS MY NAME.
I NEVER INTRODUCED MYSELF,
DID I?
>> Simon: COME TO THINK OF IT‐‐
>> Kamina: I’M KAMINA.
THIS IS SIMON.
>> Yoko: NICE TO MEET YOU.
UM, WHAT IS THIS LITTLE FURRY
THING THAT’S BEEN HIDING OUT
IN MY CLEAVAGE?
>> Simon: BOOTA,
BEHAVE YOURSELF.
>> Kamina: A TASTY MORSEL HIDING
IN MORE TASTY MORSELS.
>> Yoko: HEY, IS IT JUST ME, OR
ARE WE FALLING?
>> Kamina: HEY, THE THRUSTERS
TURNED OFF!
DO SOMETHING!
>> Simon: I DON’T KNOW HOW!
IT’S NO USE!
>> Yoko: GREAT.
[screaming]
>> Kamina: WE’RE FALLING!
TRY TO HOLD ON TIGHT!
[crash]
TALK ABOUT A ROUGH RECEPTION.
>> Simon: NO KIDDING.
I‐I’M SORRY.
[gasps]
>> Yoko: OH, GREAT, OUT OF
THE FRYING PAN, INTO THE FIRE.
[growling]
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: IF YOU’RE DOING IT,
THEN SO AM I.
IF I DON’T DO IT, WILL YOU?
IF YOU DON’T DO IT, I WILL!
I’M DOING IT, SO YOU DO IT TOO,
DAMN IT!
NEXT TIME, ON GURREN LAGANN...
"I SAID I’M GONNA PILOT
THAT THING!!"